README.md, before:

# Webportal-Belgium

A mantainable list of links, to the most useful websites for Belgian citizens.

## Introduction
The internet is filled with information. However, in the sea of millions of websites, the overload of information equals the overload of misinformation. And while there are government backed websites, those are still subject to [being overwhelming](https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/blog/2011/06/13/toomanywebsitesgov). 

This project aims to revive the spirit of webportals, while cutting off anything excess. Any website added will only get a category tag (for example, legal stuff, pet care, youth advice...), a small description of what they do, the reasons why they're a credible source, the websites biases, and - of course - a link.

For a website to be added to the list, they must meet a bunch of criteria, including (but not limited to):

- Be backed by a credible source. Examples include:
  - Government institutions
  - Hospitals
  - Established brands (IKEA knows their furniture, f.e.)
  - Universities, colleges and other educational sources
- Be useful to the general public
  - Websites for extremely specific scenarios could clog up the portal

## Contributing
This is an open-source project, and anyone should be able to suggest additions and deletions. You can do this through the [Issues](issues), [Discussions](discussions) and - if you've got some IT experience and some time to spare - [Pull Requests](pulls)


## License
    Webportal-Belgium
    Copyright (C) 2020  Denperidge

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Added build and run instructions to README

README.md, after:

# Webportal-Belgium

A mantainable list of links, to the most useful websites for Belgian citizens.

## Introduction
The internet is filled with information. However, in the sea of millions of websites, the overload of information equals the overload of misinformation. And while there are government backed websites, those are still subject to [being overwhelming](https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/blog/2011/06/13/toomanywebsitesgov). 

This project aims to revive the spirit of webportals, while cutting off anything excess. Any website added will only get a category tag (for example, legal stuff, pet care, youth advice...), a small description of what they do, the reasons why they're a credible source, the websites biases, and - of course - a link.

For a website to be added to the list, they must meet a bunch of criteria, including (but not limited to):

- Be backed by a credible source. Examples include:
  - Government institutions
  - Hospitals
  - Established brands (IKEA knows their furniture, f.e.)
  - Universities, colleges and other educational sources
- Be useful to the general public
  - Websites for extremely specific scenarios could clog up the portal

## Building and running locally
1. Install gulp globally (`npm install -g gulp-cli`)
2. Clone the repository
3. Install the required packages (`npm install`)
4. Run `gulp` to build and run

## Contributing
This is an open-source project, and anyone should be able to suggest additions and deletions. You can do this through the [Issues](issues), [Discussions](discussions) and - if you've got some IT experience and some time to spare - [Pull Requests](pulls)


## License
    Webportal-Belgium
    Copyright (C) 2020  Denperidge

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
